README.md, before:

# LifeSwap

Death swap except when you die it takes a heart from max health. *Made for [mothlet](https://youtube.com/channel/UCXJe1zf6xUxcTjjBwQK068w), go check them out!*

Upon swapping (5 seconds after running the swap command), there'll be a 30-second timer, when the timer ends, it'll detect if someone died. If someone did, that player's max health will be lowered, you can continue swapping until one player has no more max health left.

**🐛 Bugs / 💡 Suggestions:** Please [open an issue](https://github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/issues/new/choose) to report a bug or suggest an idea

**🆘 Support:** Please [join the Discord](https://srnyx.com/discord) to get support

## Download

**✅ Stable:** You can download the latest **stable** version at [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/plugin/lifeswap), [Hangar](https://hangar.papermc.io/srnyx/LifeSwap), [Spigot](https://spigotmc.org/resources/105208), [Bukkit](https://dev.bukkit.org/projects/lifeswap), or [GitHub](https://github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/releases)

**🚧 Snapshot:** You can download the latest **snapshot** version at [actions/workflows/build.yml](https://github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/actions/workflows/build.yml)

# Wiki

For all information about the plugin (commands, permissions, etc...) please see the wiki at [github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/wiki](https://github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/wiki)

Commit message:

3.0.0: Fix #1, fix #3, and much more
- Updated Annoying API to 5.1.3
- Replaced reset command with stop command
  - `lifeswap.reset` permission changed to `lifeswap.stop`
- Replaced swap command with start command
  - `lifeswap.swap` permission changed to `lifeswap.start`
- Added a countdown
- Player velocities are now taken into account when swapping
- Addec onfigurable game-end commands
- Added new config options
  - `health-transfer`
  - `commands`
  - `countdown`
  - `broadcast`
- Reorganized messages file (added/changed/removed keys)

README.md, after:

# LifeSwap

Death swap except when you die, your opponent steals health from you. *Originally made for [mothlet](https://youtube.com/channel/UCXJe1zf6xUxcTjjBwQK068w).*

When someone dies, their opponent will steal a configurable amount of health from them. The game continues until someone reaches 0 health.

Multiple games can be running at once.

**🐛 Bugs / 💡 Suggestions:** Please [open an issue](https://github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/issues/new/choose) to report a bug or suggest an idea

**🆘 Support:** Please [join the Discord](https://srnyx.com/discord) to get support

## Download

**✅ Stable:** You can download the latest **stable** version at [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/plugin/lifeswap), [Hangar](https://hangar.papermc.io/srnyx/LifeSwap), [Spigot](https://spigotmc.org/resources/105208), [Bukkit](https://dev.bukkit.org/projects/lifeswap), or [GitHub](https://github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/releases)

**🚧 Snapshot:** You can download the latest **snapshot** version at [actions/workflows/build.yml](https://github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/actions/workflows/build.yml)

# Wiki

For all information about the plugin (commands, permissions, etc...) please see the wiki at [github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/wiki](https://github.com/srnyx/lifeswap/wiki)
